1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
	
	1. How did Bustle, The Recipe, and Beanstalk Mums determine that the comfort food 
	was specifically for a break up and not for any other type of comfort?

	2. Would it be more accurate to see sales trends instead of search trends?
	
2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
	
	https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

	a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
	Jan 31 - Feb 28, 2025 (Milkshake 100)

	b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
	Nov 30 - Dec 31, 2024 (Milkshake 65)
	
4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
	
	a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
	lowest dip?
	Highest: 30 - May 31, 2024 (Hamburger 100) 
	Lowest: Nov 30 - Dec 31, 2024 (Hamburger 68)

	b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
	The line looks the same in shape but the values changed. 

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

	The line chart is displayed from a scale that ranges from 0-100 so because the 	Hamburger search was researched a lot more in comparison to the Milkshake the 	milkshake's line decreased.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

	a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
	and Hamburger?
	The Breakup line follows a similar peak trend that the Hamburger line has. I 	wouldn't say it's exact but they are some similarities. Although the peaks and 	drops are not relative to each other (or so it seems). I feel like it is only valid 	after Nov 30, 2024.
	
	b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
	I think that the Milkshake and Breakup line follow more of a similar pattern than 	the Hamburger and Breakup line. 

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?
	
	If you were to look at the lines you would assume that the Hamburger would've been 	the most comforting breakup food (hence it is the highest line) but we need to look 	at it in relation to the breakup topic and ultimately the Milkshake follows the 	same trends. 

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

	a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
	Alabama

	b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
	South Dakota

9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv

10. OPTIONAL: Spend a little more time exploring Google Trends results for other
“breakup foods” listed in the article. Some more food for thought:

	a) What are the differences you notice between searching for between searching for 	a term as a “search term” versus as a categorical term? What thoughts does this
	raise in your mind about working with Google Trends data?
	∗ For example, compare “Milkshake (beverage)” to “Milkshake (search term)”,
	then compare “Hamburger (Food)” to “Burger (search term)”
	I entered Milkshake search term as well as hamburger search term and I realized 	that they follow similar trends compared to their "food" line equivalent but the 	search term was lower in the graph. They did have similar slopes and patterns along 	the two coorealating lines (Milkshake food + Milkshake trend). It just makes me 	aware that we need to be specific with which data we need to use when researching. 	Because again, they may have similar lines, but the values are different.

	a) Try comparing “Hamburger (Food)” to some search terms oriented toward pop
	culture or current events. For instance, you might compare to “football” or
	“olympics.” What do you notice? What do you think other patterns in search
	behavior might represent?
	I looked up Concerts (search term) and realized that it had similar line pattern 	than the Hamburger line. I think it just emphasizes that either during concerts or 	after concerts people opt to buy burgers because 1. is is usually more acesible at 	venues and 2. there are usally burger spots nearby for a quick bite. 